If this world were mine
Hey, Roman numeral seven, bae, drop it like it's hot
If this world was mine, I'd take your dreams and make them multiply
If this world was mine, I'd take your enemies in front of God
Introduce them to that light, hit them strictly with that fire
Fah-fah, fah-fah-fah, fah-fah, fah
Hey, Roman numeral seven, bae, drop it like it's hot
If this world was mine, I'd take your dreams and make them multiply
If this world was mine, I'd take your enemies in front of God
Introduce them to that light, hit them strictly with that fire
It's a vibe, do your dance, let 'em watch
She a fan, he a flop, they just wanna kumbaya, nah
In this world, concrete flowers grow
Heartache, she only doing what she know
Weekends, get it poppin' on the low
Better days comin' for sure
If this world were—
If it was up to me
I wouldn't give these nobodies no sympathy
I'd take away the pain, I'd give you everything
I just wanna see you win, wanna see
If this world were mine
It go in, out, do it real slow
Baby, you a star, strike a pose
When I'm with you, everything goes
Come and put that on my soul
'Rari, crown, wrist froze
Drip, pound on the way home
In this world, concrete flowers grow
Heartache, she only doing what she know
Weekends, get it poppin' on the low
Better days comin' for sure
If this world were—
If it was up to me
I wouldn't give these nobodies no sympathy
I'd take away the pain, I'd give you everything
I just wanna see you win, wanna see
If this world were mine
I can't lie
I trust you, I love you, I won't waste your time
I turn it off just so I can turn you on
I'ma make you say it loud
I'm not even trippin', I won't stress you out
I might even settle down for you, I'ma show you I'm a pro
I'ma take my time and turn it off
Just so I can turn you on, baby
Weekends, get it poppin' on the low
Better days comin' for sure
I know you're com–
I know you're comin' for–
Better days
If this world were mine